It was Autumn. It was a hot afternoon after it had rained torrentially in the morning. We are in FCT. Its lunch time. Isa just arrived, as she only has classes in the afternoon. She only goes for the sport, as she studied in order to be 5 classes ahead in every subject. She wants problems. She is bitter with a mushy brain after... the required... "self enhancing" to be able to achieve that in college. Ketamine. Meth. Cocaine. She does it all. Her body is merely a "vessel for slay queen sis business, yas babes!". She can barely form thoughts and feels very despondent. She studied hard, though... With very over the top make up, she approaches the lunch line... that she usually ignores. Adriano is on the line. Shall we zoom on her mind? Isa: "Ugggghhhh I dont wanna throw up again... why eat?! I barely held the twix bar I ate for breakie... Oh... the shitnerd is there... I feel like... ass... But I want to get closer *Nerd wisdom is good for the soul. Fill up my backdoor and make me wanna sing* .......... uuuuugggggghhhh shut up *BLEH!!* Im empty... only a bit of salive came out. its not too bad Im used to spew blood by now... Alright you know what? I dont care Imma go bless him with my presence... Hello, Adriano!" Adriano replies: "Do I know you?" (All quoted segments from now are replies to the previous) "Ww....hhh...at? *He does not know who I am? How dare he???!!!!!! *UgH!** jus-" "Your Isa! the bitch princess that gave a blowjob to a teacher to go from an 19.5 to a 20!" "SHUT UP HE ENJOYED IT!!!!!! DONT TA- *BLEEH!!* Sorry... Im kinda... hanging over a fucking cliff right now" "How long until you break... I cant wait.." "You coward. If I felt like it I would kick the shit out of you!" "Normally, when you kick my ass for absolutely no reason, I am the defenseless one, as I have no fucking training, and you know this. You do it anyway. You are defensless, yet I aint touching you" "hehehehhe skill issue *Gasp!*" "Are you ok? And what do you want from me? Normally you just skip the line..." "I wanted to... talk and stuff..." "About what? Make up? Ketamine? Social-engineering? Those sound pretty interesting...." "*did bro just synthesize my personality into 3 words?* noooo whaaaat? Imma talk about... uuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh.... Computerrssssssss? and.... japan stuff? Ive watched naruto! Idk what do you fucking do anyway, you fucking wimp?" "Damn you are not good at this, are you? Im being nice, you know? I could ignore you like someone who isnt completly empty inside..." "W.....what? Noooooo... Ok, I dont care about my polyneuropathy I will force myself to roundouse your face off if you dont fucking shut up you shitnerd! Youre nothing! You should be shitting yourself with my mere presence you dumb, pathetic, simp cuck! *Yes you can cuck me any day! Can we please bake a cake together? The oven is hot and ready! Please adopt me!* uuuhgghh..." "Please fuck off" "No! *Omg omg omg he is huge! I think I peed myself a little! My breathing... is it the arrythmia my doctor said I developed from training while high? No... He is bigger than the sun! The SUN!* THE SUN!" "The sun... what?" "WHAT?  WHAT DID YOU HEAR????!!!!" "You shouted "No!" and then just "the sun!" "Oh thats... exactly what I said... yes! *Lets be dumb primitive beasts together! Please! Momma is tweaking right now!* SHUUUT UPPPP!!!! THIS VOICE DOESNT SHUT UP AND ITS PISSING ME OFF!!!!!" "Seeing you break appart is so cathardic. I would feel empathy. But it being you I feel pity" "YES! I SUCK! YOU ARE CORRECT! *The tears are too heavy to contain. My eyes will bleed out from the pressure. My throat is jammed by a meteorite. My chest is on fire. And all people feel for me is pity? What did I do to deserve being at the point of getting treated like this by people?* GRRRAAAAAAAHHHHH! DOES GETTING ABUSED BY YOUR PARENTS COME WITH A DUNCE HAT?????!!!!!!!!! SHOULD I JUST GO ROT IN THE NAUGHTY CORNER JUST FOR EXISTING THE WRONG WAY?????!!!!!! * Silence * *Gasp.... Gasp.... Gasp.... Gasp....* WHY DO YOU SPEAK TO ME LIKE THIS????!!!!! " "Ha your voice cracked a little!" "SHUT UP! GO KILL YOURSELF!" "the door is the other way. Is the cocaine making you dumber or what?" "WRRRAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!" *running* * fading crying*. Later, she is found, after classes of most people were done, in a bench, near the faculty cafeteria, moaning in agony laid down gripping, swiching every few moments between gripping different parts of her body. Adriano finds her and approaches her: Adriano utters: "Hurry up and kick the bucket already! No one wants you here you pest!" Isa then, stops moaning, slowly turns her head to Adriano, because she could not hear what he said. Then turned her head back, a few seconds passed and she resumed moaning. Then started muttering while gritting her teeth: "I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I waaaaaaaanaaaaaaaaauuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....." She sits up and then collapses on the bench immediatly after, moaning a bit less loudly. Her hair was messy, her eyes were red and her mouth had white gunk coming from her tongue. Her lips were dry like arizona and her saliva as thick like toothpaste. She then got a burst of strength that allowed her to sit up slowly and get up, with Adriano looking at her in disgust. She uttered: "I wanna... hug you! Give me a hug! Please..." Adriano hesitated, but then went for the hug. She had been standing for 3 seconds when Adriano moved and collapsed, with Adriano caching her just early enough to dampen her fall. Something stings him and he decides: 911. 911. uhhh... my phone... where is my phone? Here... *truuuuuuuuuuh.... truuuuuuuuuh... truuuuuuuuuuh* Emergency number! What is the situation?! "My name is Adriano Valente and my.... friend here is collapsed on the floor moaning. She has uneven breathing and is salivating thick white gunk! We are in the FCT campus, near the monte da caparica overground metro! "How old are you both?" "I am 21 and she is around 25, 23..." "Isnt she your friend?" "Look if you dont hurry that number wont matter too much! please!" "Right. Dont move. But the campua is hu-" "Cafeteria! We are between the roundabout and the cafeteria! You will know!" The 911, 30 minutes later, then arrived, took all then measures and did all the procedures (that I am not familiar with) and took Isa to Santa Maria Hospital. 3 days later, after Adriano had given his number to them, was called. Isa was dead. Here is how it went: "Sir, Im sorry to inform you that your friend , which was not even that much of a difficult patient as you insistedly repeated during our last call, is not with us anymore. She was not responding to the medications or the treatment and she was suffering from extreme overdose. She was suffering like ive never seen anynone suffer before. She could barely be touched, she vomited anything we put in her mouth and her body was basically self destructing. I am sorry. She had this to say before we turned everything off: "Tell him that... Im sorry. I suffered, but I did not act correctly. I was dumb and immature. I loathed everything about my life, to which I barely gave any thought to. But... I loved him. I wanted to feel his warmth. I wanted it so bad... His words were harsh, but his spaguetti arms were so yummy... I wanted him forever and ever. And that Im sorry. I was a coward. I was lonely my whole life and never wanted to embrace it. I .... failed."
