Graciete
Type: Human
Age: 56 (F)
Height: 178cm
Weight: 82kg
Built like a war torn senior citizen. She has visible abs, a prosthetic eye and a rebuilt brain after hundreds of encounters and subsequent wounds and surgeries. Has literal jumping power of a leopard (not even saying in proportion. she produces the same jumps as leopards in terms of power and energy) from relentless training. Strong core from carrying heavy equipment around the world while running from hostile mutants and fending off Scavenger gangs from her camping sites. Has lots of wrinkles
for someone her age and considerably deep face marks from the heavy maulings she suffered from encounters with predators similar to Fusek (but not nearly as strong, fortunately) and time spent under the hot, unforgiving sun. Has green eyes, red hair with green little sprouts from the mutant plants she dared to try and eat. (She knows 10 species that she is sure wont kill her immediatly when consumed) Can run at 30 kmh,  non-stop, for miles with gear on. Learned to get by with very little food.
Desc: Nicknames: "Schizo nomadic warrior" "gutter thrasher" "Narcotic narcotic deposit" "Predator of predators", "The Crazy Lady (or T.C.L)". She has many nicknames. Predators and Mutants that know her name fear her. Fusek wants to finish her. "I LIVE FOR THE BLOOD! I DIE FOR THE BLOOD! I EXIST FOR THE BLOOD! I EAT ALL BLOOD! In this Shithole that Is my livelyhood I stand proud and unnoposed! Come get me you freaks! COOOOMMME GEEEET MEEEEEE HAHAHHAHAAAAAA!!!!!". Her husband of 27 years, that found her when she was a broken off piece of porcelan of a person, laughting maniacally as she injected all kinds of colorful liquids she found on the supermarket for fun, in the middle of the streets, with syringes crafted from broken class window fragments after sloppy, failed robberies to shops, and banks, etc. by melting them with lighters, and using remnants of hospital waste. She found this lifestile... thrilling. The stable lifestyle her husband gave her a choice to live in made her... depressed. The predictability drove her mad, becomming neurotic and pathologically reserved. When... It happened, she was finally able to break free and submerge herself in all the chaos she wanted. Learned to cope by synthesizing and consuming her own narcotics from mixes with mutant plants and common. Armed with dual shotguns that she crafted by herself in two days and  trained relentlessly to be able to wield and shoot (even while running, sprinting, and jumping and shouting instructions for hours straight, as she lead several rampages against mutants in hunting gangs. Public safety? Fighting back against the unknown? Nah. They were just complete crackheads who thought it was fun and a nicely spent afternoon!). The two weapons are named "EAT!" and "THIS!". She also carries bandages. Thats it for healing items. She trusts her less crackheaded comrades to have better medicam products for her. (and there was a time she had to get by with her period blood alone.  ) For other weapons... she carries, two incendiary grenades, two shrapnel grenades, a knife that she is able to keep so sharp (also one of those metal things you sharpen knives with) that she is able to cut her hair painlessly with it. No ornamental acessories. Ok, she has one: A baseball cap that her husband gave her. She believes it "Wards off evil spirits, as when her husband gave it to her, "her entrails and guts cried under the warmth and confort" the hat "gave them"" . And a beretta (those things are sold like apples in this world. Everyone has one.). She lives running frantically with her gangs from dangrous terrirory to dangerous territory looking for the "Toughest pieces of live meat" she can "fight with". Her obcession with chaos make any attempt at mental health treatment impossible, as it never gets done because... according to the locals scientists find, she does not need it. Re is terrified of her. Filipa in our world dreams of her when in very joyful periods in her life.
