You know? All this shit about music genres, and being sophisticated and NuaNcEd does not fucking matter. At the end of the day, what in this world alwas has the final say and the last laugh is results. Does it work?
Is it important? To you? Did you achieve anything? Does the song matter to you? This is a pretty cool idea my man. Does it benefit anyone? Like... MBTI type does not matter in the slightest.
Ok: what kind of car am I? I have thick tires. very big, thick tires. I have potential for alot of grip! I also have to have a good engine otherwise that will bottleneck me. Ok what else... Oh! My wheels are exposed! OHHH!!!!
Thats how I can get away with such big tires! That makes sense... Ok Oh! My suspension is also exposed! OHHH gotta be careful! I am very fragile! I also have a front wing and a big, elongated nose! I can ajust my front wing!
Life gave me decisions by design thats nice! OH! I have a monocoque chassis! Its lightweight! And tough! I am also a single seating car! I have a big wing! Oh! and a big diffuser! if I keep my ride height low, I can have downforce
and benefit from those really big tires! But high ride height wont give me any favours... You wont find me in rally races anytime soon... My engine is surrounded by very thin and really reduced ammounts of metal. Ohh I am made to
be lightweight! So that means that 1 crash and its over most times! Big stakes! Im made for races, really good at it too, but the pavement has to be good! Oh... I guess I am an f1 car! Anyway... I have to breathe just at the right time
Otherwise I can lose it all! I am resourceful, yet greedy..." And then people have f**ing strokes over whether you are an F1 car, or a rally car, or a commuter, or whatever! That sh** is an after taste. It does not matter in the slightest...
Like... finding out you have very particularly big and thich tires was way more important. WTF are you suposed to do with just "I am an F1 car"? What? tell your friends about how cool you are? That by itself has no purpose
or utility... Why bother? Or the fact that you have only been really good with really good pavement. And that does not mean you are weak. It means you are a city person! You thrive on oportunity and options. Other people
thrive on survival. Like a dakar car. Other people thrive on convenience and being minimal. Like a commuter. Other people are simply conventionally insane by nature and are pure motorcycles that get depressed
and neurotic inside a stable environment. Thats how soul searching should be! Not "Look I am this"! "Oh! Its.... MaiDCoRe!!!! Its really innovative and nuanced and" Who cares? Do you like it? I dont wanna feel like the tired, exausted and cynical mother
that just has to please her kids' wishes for their pleasure. "Hey mom! look! My toy is really cool thank you!" And then the mothers like :" (Sigh...) Ok you better enjoy it it cost us money. Ok whatever son lets go 
have dinner pack it up, come on" (its 15 minutes until dinner. She does not even attempt to enjoy herself like her kid) You know? But, at the same time, yes! It was an acquired taste. "Maidcore" is an artstyle and not really a 
genre of music and there is alot of variety in it. So... I guess its double edged... Because I genuenly felt like listening to "Kafka" By komak the Maid before writting this. But.... I also enjoyed listening to "Weak" by AJR! And
"Gravity's Rainbows" by Klaxons. In the case of "Kafka", Its this really absurdist, "In the end what matters is what matters" really absurdist and deep instrumental. Its deeply reflective and a bit energetic. Its not cold,
or warm. Its tepid. You are showering and you dont feel the water due to how balanced the temperature is. It is........... well..... nuanced! But I genuenly felt like listening. thats the difference. There is true to all of what I believe.
The thing is... I am the only thing in there thats not constant. And I am not accounting for it ever. In the end, the world has no simple answers for you. You gotta work. Its not as simple as "I am Maidcore. Full stop"
We find out we are hatchbacks. Congrats! What the hell does that mean?
